The tools built into Chrome which help you with performance can be really daunting,
they can be very complex and therefore it's important to know where you can learn more.
Now attached, you find two important pages which I can only recommend -
one is from the Chrome web site in the end, here
a deep dive into the performance analysis tools in the browser dev tools.
Here you'll learn everything about these tools, what you can do there, what everything means, how you can
configure it, how you can save and load snapshots and so on,
so this is really useful and absolutely a resource I would recommend that you dive in
if you want to learn everything about these tools and you want to be able to analyze everything. Also
check out the other resources here, like this article about optimizing web site speed which is about
more than just Javascript,
it's also about optimizing images and so on and all the other articles here about performance and Javascript.
You can also learn more about the browser dev tools in general on this page.
Also interesting is this other page which you find attached,
it's about web performance optimization in a browser context.
Some concepts here can also help you with Node.js but most concepts here are targeting the browser,
just as this first article by the way and this is really the part where performance optimization is
most important or where you have many opportunities of messing up stuff. So the second article here
also gives you more insights on how to measure performance and then it also gives you this loading, this
startup performance and how you can measure that and what you can do there and the runtime, the rendering
performance with some ideas on what you could do here, what you can keep in mind,
also outside of Javascript when it comes to optimizing animations which are controlled by Javascript
and CSS for example. So these can be additional resources that are helpful
but with that, let's now dive into our application,
let's test it under production circumstances and have a look at some things we could optimize there.